the rain is ended but even this typical
glorious Belmont day at perform miracles
the track is labeled muddy
why are wet it's all the same to Seattle
Slew
and there are all these on the inside
now Seattle Slew goes for the lead he
has the lead as they move through the
stretch up on the outside it's and have
been along the inside run dusty run on
the extreme outside spirit level is
moving up they move for the first turn
with spirit level on the extreme outside
in Seattle snow along the rail that it's
run dusty run alongside San Hedren
followed by mr. Red Wing then make
amends sir sir an iron Constitution
they're moving on the turn Seattle Slew
by a hop Lake spirit level is second by
two run dusty run is third by a half
sanhedrin is fourth by two and a half
then mr. Red Wing is fifth by three legs
make amends is alongside sir sir and the
final horse is iron Constitution they've
gone the first quarter of a mile twenty
four and three a half and forty eight
into a Seattle Slew now to receive a
challenge on the outside if Seattle Slew
on the inside run dusty run and spirit
level of both moved up alongside it
Seattle's
and now pulls weight or length again
spirit level a second ahead and run
dusty run is third a gap of four back
and it said had been in fourth this
direct wing is stiff as iron
Constitution
moving to six sir sir and make amends
on the turn still Seattle Slew
by to run dusty run and spirit level
together second and third
Edwin is burthen closer Mr Rudd Wayne
has been iron Constitution and areas
drive is driving
on the turn with Seattle Slew still
later Seattle stone one Milan
still on the outside now Santos taken
over the
dusty swing institutions in the
stretcher he comes and he's opening up
again in Seattle Slew and he's drying
cold
Oh simple
they're getting the
nobody's opening
Seattle Slew wins the Belmont Stakes by
four lengths and becomes the tempest and
thoroughbred history to capture the
Triple Crown and is the first horse ever
to carry an undefeated record through
the Triple Crown the Belmont Park bans
hail Seattle Slew